Rough Candy Hawk

Invalid

# Any WETH staked in the protocol will be drained as EDGEN is not pegged to ETH

### Summary

On Ethereum, the protocol will use EDGEN as a staking token, which is a mere OZ implementation of ERC20Permit token. This token is not pegged to ETH 1:1. However, the protocol allows EDGEN stakers unstake in native token (ETH). As a result, any WETH staked in the protocol will soon be drained by unstakers. This will cause financial loss of ETH stakers.

### Root Cause

The choice to use EDGEN token as a staking token on Ethereum chain is a mistake as the protocol allow unstakers to withdraw in native token, while EDGEN is not pegged to ETH.

Here are several reasons why EDGEN is not pegged to ETH:
- As [confirmed by a protocol member kk_krish](https://discord.com/channels/812037309376495636/1375126183053754449/1375161277621600401), and mentioned in [README.md](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2025-05-layeredge/blob/main/README.md), EDGEN token will be used on Ethereum chain
- According to [etherscan](https://etherscan.io/address/0xAa9806c938836627Ed1a41Ae871c7E1889AE02Ca#code), EDGEN token mints 1 billion (1e27) EDGEN tokens to a multisig wallet at the time of creation, this initial minting is backed by 0 ETH
- The protocol APY ratio is unusually high (50% for tier 1) and the reward is paid by EDGEN token

However, the protocol allows unstakers choose wether to withdraw in staking token or in native token:

[File: edgen-staking/src/stake/LayerEdgeStaking.sol](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2025-05-layeredge/blob/708c5b5345ed50cd0bde7b0a8a548c8936639683/edgen-staking/src/stake/LayerEdgeStaking.sol#L184-L194)
```solidity
184:     function completeUnstake(uint256 index) external nonReentrant whenNotPaused {
185:         _completeUnstake(msg.sender, index, false);
...
192:     function completeUnstakeNative(uint256 index) external nonReentrant whenNotPaused {
193:         _completeUnstake(msg.sender, index, true);
194:     }
```

As a result, unstakers will prefer unstaking in ETH, as ETH holds more value than EDGEN.

### Internal Pre-conditions

1. A staker stakes in native ETH

### External Pre-conditions

N/A

### Attack Path

1. Unstaker completes unstake in native ETH

### Impact

Stakers will prefer to stake in EDGEN but prefer to unstake in ETH.

This will cause financial loss from native ETH stakers, as they will have to withdraw in EDGEN because WETH is already drained by unstakers.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Use WETH or other tokens pegged to ETH as a staking token.